Telegraf v1.32.0 (#5597)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1/release-notes.md

    weight: 60
---

## v1.32.0 {date="2024-09-09"}

### Important Changes

- This release contains a logging overhaul as well as some new features for
  logging (see PRs [#15556](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15556),
  [#15629](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15629),
  [#15677](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15677),
  [#15695](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15695) and
  [#15751](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15751)).

>   As a consequence the redunant `logtarget` setting is deprecated, `stderr` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a consequence, the redundant `logtarget` setting is deprecated. `stderr` is
```

  used if no `logfile` is provided, otherwise messages are logged to the given

>   file. For using the Windows `eventlog` set `logformat = "eventlog"`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  file. To use Windows `eventlog`, set `logformat = "eventlog"`.
```

> - This release contains a change in json_v2 parser config parsing -
>   if the config is empty (not define any rules), initialization will fail
>   (see PR [#15844](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15844)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This release contains a change in json_v2 parser config parsing: if the config is empty (doesn't define any rules), initialization will fail
  (see PR [#15844](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15844)).
```

- This release contains a feature for a disk-backed metric buffer under the
  `buffer_strategy` agent config (see
  PR [#15564](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/15564)).

>   Please note, this feature is **experimental**, please give it a test and
>   report any issues you encounter.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _This feature is **experimental**. Please report any issues you encounter while using it._

```
